Let's start creating our project
Go to your desktop and open the project folder
Right click on the open in terminal
Your command prompt will open
To create our react app we use npx create react app
The command used to create files for you
The important files of react js
Then you have to start coding directly
Now we will use white
Here we have written npx create react app
We will write npm create white
White is a utility
Just like create react app is a utility
Which creates folders for you
White is a utility
White also works the same
There is no difference
There is only one difference
White is faster
That's why we will use white
Whenever you do something in white
It immediately saves the changes
And it is very fast
We will use it because it is fast
You don't have to pay much attention to it
There is nothing different
It also does the same thing
Which you used to do by using create react app
It is just a little faster
Now we will write the command
That is npm create white at the date latest
And as soon as you enter
So here the first thing you will be asked
What do you want to give the name of the project
So as soon as you want to give the name of the project
For example, I give portfolio builder
Portfolio builder
By doing something like this, you can give the name of the project
You enter
As soon as you enter, it will ask
In which technology
In which tech stack do you want to make your project
So what are we using now
Now we are using react
So we will react and enter
After that it will ask
Do you want to use typescript
Do you want to use javascript
So basically we will go here and do it in javascript
And we will enter javascript
Our app is created
And the same thing
If we do npx create react app
Then what will happen
How much time does it take
Now what will we do
Now we will go to our portfolio builder
Cd space portfolio builder
So we will change the directory
We will go to the directory of the portfolio builder
And here we will write npm install
And
Yes npm install
And before that you have to do one more thing
We will use tailwind css here
Now what is tailwind css
What we used to do till now
We used to use normal css
That is
We used to go
We used to make a file
index.css
Or app.css
We used to write our style sheets in it
And then we used to import
But there is an easier way than this
The way is that we
Use such css frameworks
Where css has already been written for you
That is for example
Someone has written a css for you
To center the div
So what you have to do
You just have to import it
And put that class name in that div
Which you have to center
The same thing is tailwind css
You don't have to do anything
You just have to import it
And you have to add class names
Those css styles will be added automatically
Because those css styles have already been written
You just have to put a class name for those styles
And as you keep adding class names
So styles
Apply automatically
Okay
So now we will install tailwind css first
So there is a command for that
That command is this
Which I had copied
You can see it once
npm install
Minus the tailwind css
Post css
And auto prefix
As soon as you enter this
So your installation will start
So here whatever your tailwind css
Main configuration files are
And all the important things
They are all being installed here
So here our tailwind css
Has been installed
Now what you have to do
Here you have to write a command
npm install
Now see here
These commands
As soon as we created the app
After that you have to write
That you will put this first
Then this
And then this
Then your app will run
So npm install
You enter
So whatever your utilities are important
They will start to install
And it happened so fast
After that you
Clear it
Now screen
And here we write
npm run dev
What will happen with this
Our development server
It will start
So as soon as you write npm run dev
So this is immediately
The service in the local host
It starts
Control
And as soon as you right click in it
And then your
Web page
Which is your web page
It will open
So see how good it is
Means
How fast
You notice one thing
That it is very fast
And once our terminal
What is it
Let's check it once
So you will get to know
That we will go to make any changes in it
So it will be very fast
Ok
So now we go
And first of all
We have our vs code
What is it
Let's open
To open vs code
Now we will close it first
The server
And here you write code
Or dot
So your vs code
Current directory
That is in the portfolio builder
Will open
So it is basically open
And here we are a little
Let's adjust it
So here
I put my vs code
A little on the side
Ok nice
Ok
So now
After this
What will we do
That once its file
Structure
Let's see
So now
We will see
Its file structure
So here you will get to see
That same things
Which are
Public folder
Souls folder
Right
Assets
And after this
All the folders
Same all things
Of the same type
The type
You used to do
When you were doing
npm create react
Ok
Now
After this
You have to create
Now we have used tailwind
So for that
Configuration file
Have to be created
And before that
You have to go
In index.css
And all these things
Which are
You remove it
Clear by control
And here
You
Put another thing
That is
This
As you do this
Thing
So your tailwind
Css
It is set up
Everywhere
Means
You can use it
From any file
Right
So anywhere
You can use its css
So basically
It is to configure
Now
After this
We have to create
Another file
In index.config.js
So in that
We will put some
Configuration
So how that file
Is created
We will see
That thing
Once
So for this thing
Once I go to my browser
And what is
That command
Actually
I don't remember
And it is not necessary
That you remember
Any command
So what you can do
For that
You can
Search it directly
And when you
Search
You will get
Related resources
And
One good thing
Is that in development
You have to do
Searches
You have to search
So you
Can practice it
It is quite good
So here
We
See below
So here
Is the command
See here
It is kept
And
Generate the configuration
File
You take this command
So that command
We copied
Now what we will do
Our development
Server
We stop it for a while
And paste that command
Here
As soon as you paste
So a
Tailwind.config.js
File
So here
The file
Has been created
So see
The file
Has been created
Now
What you have to do
Is that
This content
Which is kept here
In the content
You have to put
One thing here
Which is
I tell you
Here
You have to put
Something like this
In the content
So what does it do
This is basically
Configuration file
What does it do
It decides
Where
Tailwind.css
Will be added
So we have told
In this server
All the
Dot.js
Dot.ts
Dot.gsx
Dot.tsx
Files
In all of them
Our
Tailwind
Will run
Okay
Because in these files
We write our
Normal
Our
Tags
Whatever we put
Classes
All
Are in it
So that's why
We have identified
Here
We have put this thing
Okay
So our
Tailwind
Let's run
Our server
Once again
So our
Configuration
Server
First
Let me clear it
Here
Sorry
So
Okay
Here
I have run
Our
Server
So
Here
Let's check
Our
Web
Page
So
Here
Our
Web
Page
Is
Run
Now
It's
Run
So
Here
I
Have
Removed
All
The
Css
So
Because of
This
It
Happened
Now
Here
Once
I
Show You
A
Small
Demo
Of
Tailwind
So
For
This
We
Add
Class Name
And
We
Give
This
Class
Name
By
Doing
Bg
Blue
Or
Bg
Black
As
You
See
This
Thing
So
You
Write
Any
Css
Name
You
So
This
Is
Very
Basic
Here
We Can Do
A Lot Of Things with Tailwind CSS
Now After this
We will see
How we can add
Google Authentication